Really super invitation
Are you the mysterious collector rumored to be?
That was him?
This is impossible
How could he, an online beggar, have a disease?
Do not escape
Oh, I see.
You must have stolen our house
It must be.
Mr. Ye holds a special invitation letter
It's my Liu Family Guikou
If you dare to speak wildly again
Be careful with your tongue
Mr. Ye trusts my Liu family
It is the honor of my Liu family
You can rest assured to shoot
I'll wait for the appraisal.
Ladies and gentlemen, the finale item of today's auction
The starting price is 80 million. I'll take it.
Shoot your own things yourself
Is that right?
I think he's bluffing
You want to eat with me
King, you have to take this thing back
So I see this woman wearing thin clothes
scrawny
Be kind-hearted
I want to make it thin, not hey
I want to get rid of it
Do good deeds
He is not for sale
No sale no sale
Why is he dressed so beautifully?
I want to report them for false propaganda.
I want to see you pretend a little longer
actor
Your career is really strong
Tell everyone the truth
This exquisite pagoda is the legacy of my Jiang family
I also dedicated it to the Li family